[3-4]	Paul thanks God for the Philippian church with all joy.
{How does Paul come to thank God for another church every time he prays?
Is it only because they are supporting him in his mission?}
{Praying with joy is a remarkable thing.}

[6]	Paul speaks about his confidence in the Philippian church, how the "good work" that has begun in this will be completed at the day of Christ.
The day of Christ is a reference to the day of Christ's second coming.
{What is this "good work" that can only be completed when Christ returns?}

[7]	Paul explains that his confidence is justified because they share with him in grace, and this commonality between them is proven through their participation in his imprisonment as well as their own defense and confirmation of the gospel.
The Philippian church participated in his imprisonment by supporting him in jail, sending Epaphroditus to take care of Paul while he is in prison.
Also, it seems that the Philippian church is very solid, theologically, having Paul's approval for their understanding of the gospel.
In these things, Paul is assured of the Philippians' salvation (partakers with him in grace) and so he holds them in his heart and is confident that the "good work" will be completed.

[17-18]	Of the people who preach Christ, Paul seperates those who preach out of good will and love, and those who preach from envy and rivalry, particulary against Paul since these people are seeking to afflict Paul.
Yet Paul does not mind either way, but rejoices in both types of people since either way, Christ is preached through them.
In this way, Paul places Christ's glory above his own wellbeing.

[21]	Literally: "To live: Christ, and to die: gain"

[27-30]	Worthy -> "axios": Of equal weight or measure, as with a scale.
Paul is asking for the Christians to live with equal weight or measure as the gospel of Christ.
What does it mean to live with this measure?
Christians must stand firm in one spirit, be united in loving one another and working with each other for the gospel.
They are also not to fear their opponents.
It was very difficult and dangerous to be a Christian.
The danger that comes from following sign is "a clear sign of [their enemies'] destruction and of their salvation."
Suffering for God is something that will happen and should happen.
"For it has been granted to you that you should suffer for his sake."
