[1-2]	Paul returns to the other topic of Christian unity.
If the church has benefited in any way from the blessings in Christ, then they should be unified through humility.

[3-8]	The key to unity in the church is humility, and humility is to "count others more significant than [our]selves."
Paul encourages the people to put the needs, wants and importance of others above their own.
What Paul is telling them to do is to put themselves in each other's shoes.

If you can't be open to others, they will never be open to you.
Being open to others means subjecting yourself to their conditions.
It means understanding their past in order to grasp their current world view.
It means submerging yourself in their life and allowing the opportunity of becoming like them.
Being open to another requires fully understanding their person and allowing yourself the opportunity to change into them.

Note that this doesn't mean actually changing into them.
I'm not saying that if you're trying to understand a drug addict, you should become addicted to drugs yourself.
But to understand a drug addict, you should experience the circumstances that led them into drugs, understand how they've been treated because of their addiction and understand to the best of your ability their life in their current state of addiction.
How are the treated by their family?
Friends?
Significant others?Understanding a drug addict isn't stupid.
You shouldn't get addicted to drugs yourself.
But understanding a drug addict is hard.
It's hard to experience a drug addict's life to the point where you'd be tempted to do the drugs yourself.

Some of the most inspiring people are people who have been there, done that and gotten out of it.
And that's exactly what we need to do if we're going to be open to someone else.
We need to have experienced their situation, lived like they do, but still remain Godly and pure.

Christ is, not surprisingly, the most powerful example of this.
That though he was in the form of God, came to be in the for of man -- and died for us.
Christ was open to us.
If we're addicted to sin, then Christ came and experienced for himself everything that has ever led us to sin.
He lowered himself to our level and experienced first hand the temptations facing us.
And he beat it.
And then he died for us so that we can beat it too.

And here Paul charges us to be like Christ -- to open ourselves to others, to make others more important than ourselves, to truly understand others, to dare to be changed by others.
The only difference, of course, is that we might also learn a thing or two from others.
But this openness, as Paul describes, is the solution to rivalry and conceit.
It is the secret to Christian unity, which each of us, if we have ever been blessed by Christ -- with any encouragement in Him, any comfort from love, any participation in the Spirit, any affection and sympathy -- must strive for.

[5-8]	The 7 stages of Christ's Humiliation:
1.
Consecrated for his humility
2.
Laid aside His divine form ("morphe")
3.
Made Himself of no reputation ("kenosis")
4.
Took on the form ("morphe") of a bondservant
5.
Made in the likeness ("schema": temporary form) of man
6.
The ultimate humility - death
7.
Even death on a cross
Each stage of this humiliation brings him further and further away from the glory of God.

[9-11]	The 7 Stages of Christ's Exaltation:
1.
God highly exalted Him
2.
God gave Him a name above all names
3.
At His name every knee shall bow
4.
Everything in heaven
5.
Everything on earth
6.
Everything under the earth
7.
Every tongue shall confess His lordship

Yet Christ's Exaltation did not have to be preceded by his Humiliation, but he suffered through this humiliation so that a remnant might be saved from hell so that we may glorify him in heaven and not in hell.

[12]	Now Paul puts the Philippians to work, and he urges them to obey they words he has set before them just as they have in the past.
Work out your salvation: To show the effects/results of your salvation.
To show how we love each other and care about each other.
To glorify God through our love for each other.
With fear and trembling: Because the results of the work shows the glory of God, which is Holy.
Thus the work is Holy and should be taken seriously.

[13]	So the work is Holy, it results in God's glory and furthermore, it is accomplished by God.
So will and work for God's good pleasure with fear and trembling, for everything about the work is Holy.

[19-24]	Paul wants to send Timothy to the Philippians to help them and then to return to Paul with good new.
Paul here is giving a Timothy a good reference so that the Philippians will accept and trust him.
He has proven, though his works with Paul, to be selfless instead of selfish.
Unlike those who would preach the word out of selfish reasons, Timothy is one of the few people that Paul can rely on to teach the word selflessly.

What is remarkable is that Timothy might have been the only real support that Paul has in prison.
