[2-3]	Euodia and Syntyche are two singled out by Paul to agree, to live harmonious, with each other in the Lord.
And Paul urges the rest of the church around them to help them.
The church is one unit, one people, one family and these fractures in this family must be addressed by all members of the family, or else the family itself will be destroyed.

[4-7]	Here, Paul lists some behaviours that each believer should have, but the reason he states: The Lord is at hand.
The Lord is imminent.
He is coming shortly and indeed is already here and it is for this reason that we should behave thusly:

Rejoice in the Lord always.
Be reasonable, gentle to everyone.
Do not be anxious, but give every need to God with prayer, supplication (petition) and thanksgiving, and so receive the peace of God that, in Christ Jesus, will guard our hearts and our minds.
Note however, that this does not mean your needs will be met.
It is not promised that anxiety, given to God, will bring about provision, but it will most assuredly bring about peace.

[10]	Here we must remember that Paul had, or will, sent all of his companions away: Timothy, Onecimus, and Epaphroditus.
But Paul rejoices greatly, and we will describe the root of this rejoicing shortly.

[11-13]	Paul has learned to be content in all situations, whether it be in plenty or in want.
This secret that allows him to find contentment comes from his commitment to the Lord.
So Paul, being content in every situation, is able to face all situations.
Indeed as Paul admits, it is through God's power that he accomplishes all things.
And so we ascertain that the secret to attaining all contentment is to rely on the God who will give one the power to do so.
The reason why we are not content is because we are not yet preoccupied with the Lord.

[14]	So we find that Paul would have been content whether or not Epaphroditus was sent to his supply.
What then is the root of his rejoicing?
He states that the Philippians have not stopped supporting him in his mission, from the beginning since Macedonia through Thessalonica.
But it was not in these gifts that Paul rejoices, but in the fruit that was borne through these gifts to the glory of God and to the credit of the Philippians.
These gifts not only left Paul well supplied, but they became "a fragrant offering, a sacrifice acceptable and pleasing to God."

As it is written, "Bring the full tithes into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house.
And thereby put me to the test, says the Lord of hosts, if I will not open the windows of heaven for you and pour down for you a blessing until there is no more need."
(Malachi 3:10) Shall not God provide for the Philippians, and indeed us all, in accordance with our faithfulness?
