[11-14]	This passage is greatly discussed and its interpretation is widely disagreed upon.
What does it mean when Paul tells women to be submissive to men?
Does it still apply to us today?
But Paul explains his reasoning in verses 13 and 14:

13: "For Adam was formed first, then Eve."
And such was the holy order established by the Lord in the beginning, that the man would come first and then the woman, that the woman would come from the rib of the man, that she would be his helper.
Thus the holy order was defined: First the Lord, then man, and then woman.
And though the Lord being creator is in every way superior to man, man and woman being creatures in His likeness are equal before Him.
And the woman was designed as a helper of man, so that even in their equality she should come after the man, and that by their distinctions there may be harmony.

14: "And Adam was not deceived, but the woman was deceived and became a transgressor."
And in this sin, the harmony found in the holy order was lost.
For the woman did not help the man instead leading him astray.
And the man did not lead the woman but abandoned his responsibility.
And he abandoned his holy work in an attempt to achieve equality with God.
And so the holy order was inverted.

Therefore, these verses 11-14 speak firstly to men.
Man was given a precious gift from the Lord--woman.
Indeed, she is "flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone."
There is no better match for man than woman.
And God gave man strength in his body, wisdom in his mind and love in his soul (nephesh: soul, blood, life-force, heart).
And all these things were given to him so that he may carry out the holy work of loving, protecting and providing for woman.

Yet so often men, like our former archetype Adam, become lazy and selfish.
We, like him, abandon our holy work.
Instead of loving, we abuse; instead of protecting we exploit; instead of providing we abandon.
So these verses 11-14 charge men in their duty: if women are to learn quietly, then men--teach; if women are to be submissive, then men--lead.
In every way, with every fibre of your being--men, use your God-given strength, wisdom, and love and complete this holy work that God has set before you.
